Use the following array for questions 1 to 7:
int[] array = {7, 3, 6, 2, 8, 1, 5, 4, 9, 10};

Use the following string for questions 8 to 12:
String str = “I love coding in Java”;

1.) Write a Java program to sum the values of the array. Print out the sum.
   
2.) Write a Java program to calculate the average value of the array elements. Print out the average value.

3.) Write a Java program to test if the array contains the value 5. Print out a message indicating if the value was found.

4.) Write a Java program to find the index of value 4 in the array.

5.) Write a Java program to find the maximum and minimum values in the array.

6.) Write a Java program to reverse the array.

7.) Write a Java program to find the number of even and odd integers in the array.

8.) Write a Java program to get the character at the index 7 within the following string.
 
9.) Write a Java program to get the character's ASCII code at the index 8 in the string.

10.) Write a Java program to sum the character's ASCII codes of all the characters in the string.

11.) Write a Java program to check whether the string ends in “ava”.

12.) Write a Java program to reverse the string.

13.) Write a Java program to compare the following two strings, ignoring case considerations.
   String str1 = “I love coding in Java”;
   String str2 = “I Love Coding In Java”;
   
14.) Write a Java program to get the index of all the alphabet characters in the following string.
   String str = "The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.";
   
15.) Write a Java program to check whether the first two characters appear at the end of the following string.
   String str = “educated”;
   
16.) Write a Java program to check whether the following string has duplicate characters (exclude blank spaces).
        String str = “I love coding in Java”;
        
17.) Write a Java program to check whether the character “z” is happy or not in the following string.
A character is happy when the same character appears to its left or right in a string.
   String str = “azzlea”;
   